Bunch of extra draft ideas for the base template (#18)
thegooddocsproject/incubator: base-template/about-base-template.md

> # About Base Template

Reviewer: +1 for this About Base Template description.

> {Template author tip:

Reviewer: +1 for Template author tip.

> * This about-base-template captures the structure and common elements that all downstream about-xxx-templates should follow.

Reviewer 2: There's probably an argument for wrapping the titles in markup of some description to make sentences like this easier to read. If we do, it will need to be repo-wide, though.

Author: @Loquacity can you please suggest how this should be implemented. I'm unclear on what you are recommending here.
Yes, I'm expecting that after we agree on the base template, we will retrospectively go and update all our templates to align with the base template. (This would be a good first time issue for people wanting to join our project, and wanting to learn our process and how to use git.)

Reviewer 2: Probaby the best thing to do is to use single backticks. Like this:

```suggestion
* This `about-base-template` captures the structure and common elements that all downstream `about-xxx-templates` should follow.
```

That way, the titles display as monospaced font, which offsets it from the rest of the sentence. Usually, the initcaps would do this work for us, but since we're using all lowercase, I think the markup works to indicate that it's a title of a template.

* It provides guidance for both template authors as well as document authors.

> * “Template author and template reviewer tips” should be removed from the final about-{doctype}-template.md. Other tips should remain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* "Template author and template reviewer tips" should be removed from the final about-{doctype}-template.md. Other tips should remain.
```

> * Tweak other tips to align with the doctype you are writing for.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Adjust other tips to align with the doctype you are writing for.
```
or "modify"
Tweak has drug connotations in the USA

Author: Thanks, fixed.

> 

Reviewer 4: I feel like I'm missing the forest for the trees on this document (which is how I felt about the previous version as well). Perhaps what is missing is an overview statement at the beginning that orients me about the overall purpose and use of this document. If I understand this correctly (again, really not sure), the purpose of this template is to guide future template creators on The Good Docs Project. With that in mind, here's a very, very tentative paragraph that you are welcome to change to your heart's content:

```
The base template is for use in The Good Docs Project. Before using this template, see <link to our Contributing Guide, maybe calling out the sections that give and overview define the process for submitting draft templates>. This template outlines the stylistic conventions and overall structure for creating a new Good Docs Project template.
```

Another comment: A good template guides the user in the process of making decisions about how to adapt and use the template for their specific context. I feel like an About template should provide this kind of direction. I'm not sure how to represent that here, but that's what I feel like I'm missing. Sorry that's very vague. I want to think about it some more.

Last comment: The real test will be to see if someone could take this base template and use it effectively to create a new template. Let's consider piloting that kind of test and keeping what Erin calls "a friction log" of where the template helps and hinders.

Reviewer 2: Couldn't agree more. Because this template is so meta, I think we need to spend the time to explain the point of it. Curse of knowledge means once you understand it, it's hard to remember what was so hard to understand about it, but it took me a good few weeks of planning and research to really work it out, so I think we need to go easy on our readers here.

}

> This document provides guidance related to the authoring of documents based on the {doctype}-template. It focuses on the “how”, “why” and where applicable, references background theory to justify the approaches recommended.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This document provides guidance related to the authoring of documents based on the {doctype}-template. It focuses on the “how” and “why”; and where applicable, references background theory to justify the approaches recommended.
```
How, why and where tend to go together - but that's not what we've got here, so we need to separate the "where" a bit more.

Reviewer 2: smart quotes. They're all through, so I'm not going to correct them all.

Author: A bunch or rewording, and this section has been removed. I think I've fixed whatever quotes we had before.

## Introduction

_{TBD: Introduction text below needs tweaking to align with revised base template structure.}_

> This document helps create a uniform, regulated template for producing multiple similarly structured documents, that is, as a base template to create any other template. The base template guides you through the steps to create a functional template that can be reused, adhered to, and followed consistently throughout.

Reviewer 3: Hmmm, uniform and regulated and similarly structured seem to be synonyms for template. I wonder if we can get away with less?
```suggestion
This document is a base template that you can use to create any other template. The base template guides you through the steps to create a functional template that can be reused, adhered to, and followed consistently throughout.
```

> Using a well-defined, good template helps to maintain consistency and integrity across all documentation while simplifying the process of creating any required document. It can save you time and effort, while ensuring consistency, clarity, and uniformity across your documentation suite.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Using a well-defined template helps to maintain consistency and integrity across all documentation while simplifying the process of creating any required document. It can save you time and effort, while ensuring consistency, clarity, and uniformity across your documentation suite.
```

Author: Thanks, accepted.

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer: +1 for the revised Prerequisites.

To make the best use of this guide, you should have a working knowledge of:

* [Git](https://git-scm.com/): The version control system used.
* [GitHub](https://github.com/thegooddocsproject): The project hosting platform used, along with associated project management tools.

> * [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://github.github.com/gfm/): The wiki format used to store template documentation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://github.github.com/gfm/): The markup language used to write template documentation.
```

* [Currently implemented doctypes templates](https://github.com/thegooddocsproject/templates): To help identify if you need to create a new template or edit an existing one.
* Technical writing: To produce a well-written document that includes the relevant references.

> ## Target audience for templates

Author: On Tue, Jan 5, 2021 at 8:46 AM S... wrote:
Hallo Cameron

Thanks - I had a good read. That's coming along very nicely! My one suggestion would be to reduce the number of audience types, if possible. Simpler is better, even if it means sacrificing some nuance. For example, maybe you don't need the two "reviewer" roles and the "doc reader" role. They're important roles, but it's not clear to me how a template would include tips for those roles.

Cheers

S

Reviewer: I agree with S in that we can reduce the number of audience types and thereby simply the base template. 
Here’s what I suggest:

**Template author** -  merging the roles of template author, reviewer and customizer into one, because essentially, all these roles will access the Base Template with the requirement of editing/authoring a new template. 

**Document Reader** - from the point of view of anyone accessing the Base template, we can simplify the tips just for a reader and an author (above).

Reviewer 5: +1 to that. If you're looking for another way to collapse roles, you could have "Template creator" to emcompass the three subroles listed here, "Docset owner" (if it needs to be separately called out), and "Document creator." The TA for the template isn't the reader, but what's produced is for the reader. Since you have a user-facing TA section later, having that called out here might conflate this for some readers?

Author: Thanks for the suggestions, I agree it improves things. I've trimmed the roles back.

The templates target multiple audiences. They include writing tips for the following roles:

### Template author

{Template author tip: Remove this “template author” section from about-{doctype}-template.md files.}

A template author creates a new template in line with base and core templates.

### Template reviewer

{Template author tip: Remove this “template reviewer” section from about-{doctype}-template.md files.}

A template reviewer reviews the new template against template guidelines.

### Template customizer

A template customizer customizes a doctype template to align with a specific project or organizational guidelines. For example, specify the style guide to use with the template.

### Docset owner

A docset owner establishes an Information Architecture and Documentation Management Plan for a project. Typical tasks include:

* Select a set of doctype templates for the project.
* Customize templates if needed.
* Select a style guide for the project.

> * Establish a docset maintenance processes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Establish the docset maintenance process.
```

Reviewer 2: If you're going to use the definite article here, you should use it in the previous points also.

Author: @Loquacity or @flicstar or someone else, I'm happy to take your advice here, and accept changes that you propose. As an impostor tech writer who's English was only just good enough to get into Engineering, my radar signal for picking up these grammatical details is pretty weak.

A docset owner should capture documentation decisions within a Documentation Management Plan.

_{TBD: We should define a template for a Documentation Management Plan, then reference from here.}_

The [Information Architecture Guide](https://thegooddocsproject.dev/ia-guide.html) aims to help docset owners with some of these tasks.

### Document author

A document author writes content in line with templates. Typically the document author is a subject matter expert and not a dedicated technical writer.

Ideally, their document will receive feedback and guidance from a document reviewer and/or their docset owner.

### Document reviewer

Documentation is almost always improved when it is reviewed against the doctype’s template, the selected style guide, writing best practices and is reviewed for technical accuracy. While not essential, it helps if one of the reviewers is a dedicated technical writer.

### Document reader

And of course, we need to understand the needs of the final document reader. There are likely multiple reader personas to consider, which depends upon the reader’s role, their technical expertise, their specific goal, and so on.

> ## Inheritance of template sets

Author: On Thu, Jan 7, 2021 at 4:44 AM T... wrote:
Hi Cameron, I checked out the base template. From what I understand, this is a template to provide a starting point for other templates? That's very meta but I can see the point. Overall, the sections were a bit confusing for me to follow. It wasn't clear to me which sections were intended as part of the template inheritance or not. For example, the "Inheritance of Template Sets" section -- is this part of the foundation for a template or just high-level information about templates, etc? The sections need to be clearer, in my opinion.

Author: Simplified personas, and split the docs to help make things easier to understand.

There is a hierarchy of inheritance between template documents.

_{TBD: Insert hierarchy diagram here.}_

> ### Base (abstract) template set

Reviewer: +1 for Base template set description.

The base template describes common features which are to be inherited by all doctype templates.

**Target audience:** Template authors.

**Documents:**

* base-template.md: Provides common structure, elements and writing tips for downstream xxx-template.md files.
* about-base-template.md: Provides common structure, elements and writing tips for downstream about-xxx-template.md files.

> ### Core (abstract) templates set

Reviewer: + for Core templates set description.

Author: Hi @viraji , I'm unclear if you are suggesting a specific action here? If so, I'm unclear on what needs to change.
I'm assuming you are suggesting a +1, as per some of your other comments, and will close no action.
Please re-introduce your comment (with a specific action) if I've missed your point.
Thanks.

Each core template describes a group of template characteristics inherited by other doctype templates. Examples include Concept, Task, and Reference templates.

Core templates inherit from the base template.

**Target audience:** Template authors

**Documents:**

* xxx-template.md: Common structure, elements and writing tips for downstream xxx-template.md files.

> * about-xxx-template.md: Common structure, elements and writing tips for downstream about-xxx-template.md files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* xxx-template.md: Common structure, elements, and writing tips for downstream xxx-template.md files.
* about-xxx-template.md: Common structure, elements, and writing tips for downstream about-xxx-template.md files.
```

Reviewer 2: I wonder if "downstream" is going to be well-understood in this context?

### Doctype templates set

> Doctype templates provide instructions for document authors to write documentation for a specific doctype.

Reviewer 2: Too many "doc-"s.

```suggestion
Doctype templates provide instructions for writing content for a specific doctype.
```

Doctype templates inherit from a core or base template.

**Target audience:** Document authors, document reviewers, docset owners.

**Documents:**

* {doctype}-template.md:
    * Provides document headings, structure, common text, and specific writing tips for a specific &lt;doctype>.

>     * Writing tips focus on the “what” to include and not the “how”, “why”.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * Writing tips focus on the “what” to include and not the “how” or the “why”.
```

Author: removed this text in later version.

* about-{doctype}-template.md:

>     * Provides further guidance related to the use of the template. It focuses on the “how”, “why” and where applicable, references background theory. It covers topics like:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * Provides further guidance related to the use of the template. It focuses on the “how” and “why”; and where applicable, references background theory. It covers topics like:
```

        * The target audience for this doctype.
        * Checklists of goals to achieve.
        * Priorities of different quality metrics for this doctype.
        * How the template might be customized.
        * When you would or would not use this doctype-template.
* Example-{doctype}.md:

>     * A fleshed out example of the template, describing the fake chronolog example project. _{TBD we haven’t finished defining this fake project yet.}_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * A more comprehensive example of the template, describing the fake chronologue example project. _{TBD we haven’t finished defining this fake project yet.}_
```

### Documents

Documents are written to align with the Doctype templates.

**Target audience:** Readers (broken down by personas).

**Document:**

* {final-document}.md

## Microcontent

> _TBD: We need to decide on the correct term to use between: structured data, microcontent, micro-content, microdata, snippets, metadata._

Reviewer 3: Yeah right. This isn't what I thought it was at all. I would call this metadata.

Reviewer 5: My thought as well. When I see "microcontent," my mind first goes to reusable snippets.

Reviewer 2: :+1: to metadata

Microcontent fields are machine readable snippets of [structured data](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/guides/sd-policies) which describe their associated page. It is typically presented as concise text or an image.

All technical documentation should include microcontent. It helps search engines index pages appropriately, and facilitates content reuse.

Within The Good Docs Project, we have adopted the [JSON-LD](http://json-ld.org/) format for microcontent, [as recommended by Google](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/guides/intro-structured-data).

Note:

* Many microcontent fields need to be maintained manually which adds a maintenance burden to a project.
* If any of the microcontent on a site is inaccurate or dated, it will reduce the trustworthiness of all the microcontent on the site, as the user typically won’t be able to determine which of the content is trustworthy.
* As such, a project should only adopt microcontent fields which are automatically maintained by your documentation publishing system, or where there is an established, low-effort process to ensure the microcontent is maintained.

> ## Primary goal

Reviewer: +1 for stating down the primary goal. I tried doing this with the intro, but this is way more direct and concise! 👍🏼

{Template author tip: Concisely state the primary purpose of this doctype, ideally in one short sentence.}

> ## Target audience and user stories

Reviewer: +1 for Target audience and user stories section. I believe descriptive examples of the use case also fits in here?

> {Template author tip: You should document the key user stories that this template is likely to be used for.}

Reviewer 5: As I'm reading these tips, they look more like to-dos than suggestions or advisories. Why did you land on the word "tip" for the collection of these?

Author: @ryanmacklin I picked "tips" based on another template I'd seen (where the comments were actually tips rather than instructions), and also "tip" is a concise word. I agree that "tips" is probably not the write word here. I don't think "to-dos" is quite right either. Maybe:
"Template author instruction:" or
"Template author guide:" or
"Template author direction:"

{Docset owner tip: Select the user stories which are applicable to your project.}

This {doctype} template aims to address the following user stories:

> * As a {user persona}, I want to {achieve a specific goal}, so that I can {achieve a larger business objective}.

Reviewer 5: Cameron, I suspect this is particularly where you want my input. Let's have a conversation about where the emotional persona element could intersect here, and if there are other ways to construct user stories.

Author: As discussed, I'm looking for @ryanmacklin , Chris Ward, Aaron Peters, and others to take the lead on fleshing out this section in further iterations. I'll close this comment for the moment on the understanding that it will be addressed in a separate thread.

{Template author tip: You may optionally add a “docset owner tip” explaining when the following user story should or should not be included.}

* As a {user persona}, I want to {achieve a specific goal}, so that I can {achieve a larger business objective}.
    * {Docset owner tip: Include this user story when … .}

> ## Nature of content

Reviewer: +for nature of content.

{Template author tip: 

> * Discuss the nature of the content for this doctype.

Reviewer 3: "nature of the content" isn't plain English so I didn't immediately understand what it meant. Do we mean "format" ?

> * Consider how it will impact maintenance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Consider how the document will be maintained. This can include human work-hours, as well as ongoing infrastructure and hardware requirements.
```

Author: Thanks @Loquacity , I've merged a variant of this suggestion on top of Felicity's comment.

> * Consider how it will impact maintenance.
> * Is this content expressed best with multi-media, such as diagrams, screenshots or video?
> * If so, reference your style guide which should set recommendations on image and screenshot size, video length, style etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Decide what format will best express the nature of the content. For example, text only, or multi-media options such as diagrams, screenshots or video.
* Consider how the format you choose will impact maintenance.
* Reference your style guide which should have recommend guidelines for using multi-media such as image size and video length.
```

}

> ## Priorities for each quality criteria

Reviewer: This section  (Priorities for each quality criteria) needs further refinement in my opinion. We can, for instance, better present the quality criteria and also guide the template author based on their priorities.

Author: Yes @viraji , I agree. I have a "TBD (To Be Decided)" comment in this section to remind us to come back to this.
I'll close this comment for the moment, and we can come back to it later.

{Template author tip: 

> * Each doctype addresses different use cases. It target’s different user personas, with different needs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Each doctype addresses different use cases. It targets different user personas, with different needs.
```

> * As such, there are different weightings applied to quality characteristics for each doctype. Reference documentation needs to comprehensively address all the features in the latest version, but can tolerate lower quality writing. Tutorials need only cover a sample of use cases of an older version of the software, but there is a greater need for writing quality.}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Each doctype has its own qualities. Reference documentation needs to comprehensively address all the features in the latest version, but can tolerate lower quality writing. Tutorials only need to cover a sample of use cases of an older version of the software, but there is a greater need for writing quality.}
```

Reviewer 2: (I'm not sure I agree with this, btw.)

Author: Thanks @Loquacity I've plucked part of your feedback into the branch.
If you are up for it, I'd be interested to hear you expand on your comment "I'm not sure I agree with this, btw."

{Docset owner tip: Select the quality criteria which will be important for your project.}

> The following table lists the relative importance of the following quality criteria for {doctype} documents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This table lists the relative importance of the following quality criteria for {doctype} documents.
```

|Quality criteria|Priority to address|
|--- |--- |
|Currency: Alignment with the latest version of software.|{Select one of: Must, Should, Nice to have (May), Not Applicable (N/A), Should not}|
|Currency: Alignment with a specified version of software.||

> |Comprehensive: Covers every feature and use case.||

Reviewer 5: Would "Goes beyond the 'happy path'" fit as "comprehensive"?

Author: @ryanmacklin , I think you are onto something here. I think "happy path" is probably too colloquial, but I'll be interested to hear this debated.
I'll close this comment for the moment, based on the assumption that you will pick it up in a future version as you explore in your proposed work in defining use cases.

|Well written: Unambiguous.||

> |Well written: Concise, high signal to noise ratio, high information density.||

Reviewer 3: Dunno what "high signal to noise ratio" means.

Author: Yeh, good catch. I'll delete reference to it.
It is a term used in relation to old school radio or TV signals. A geeky engineering concept.
Good signal, low static means you get a clear audio or picture.
Low signal means that you mostly get fuzzy static.

|Well written: Aligns with writing style guide.||
|Well written: Engaging, entertaining, draws the reader in.||
|Audience: Target a specific persona and user story. Simplifies documentation by assuming prerequisite knowledge of the reader.||
|Audience: Targets a broad international, multicultural audience. Avoids slang, colloquialisms, pop cultural references or local references.||
|Audience: Considers a non-English speaking audience. Uses simple English.||
|Audience: Consider accessibility and disability in audiences.||
|Audience: Consider diversity and inclusiveness in language chosen.||
|Maintainability: Written to be easily translated.||
|Maintainability: Uses timeless language with reduced need to update over time.||

> Note: The terms “Must”, “Should”, and “May” should be interpreted as per [RFC 2119.](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt) 

Reviewer 2: lol, and I thought I was a tech writing theory nerd :wink:

_TBD: The quality criteria list requires review and refinement._

## Implementation strategy

{Template author tip:

* This section is optional.
* In some cases there may be tips you can provide on how to create a specific doctype.

}

## Customization

{Template author tip:

* There are often multiple approaches to consider when implementing a doctype.
* In this section you should discuss different approaches that can be applied to this doctype, including logic and recommendations to help a docset owner select the best strategy for them.

> * Often there would be a light version of this template to use for immature projects, and a more comprehensive version for mature projects. You should discuss how a project might mature their docs from light to comprehensive versions.

Reviewer 2: I would argue that newer projects require more comprehensive docs, because you're starting from zero.

Author: Valid point. The point I was thinking is more about the capacity of the project to produce documentation, rather than the need for the docs. I've tweaked text to:

* Often there would be a light and more comprehensive version of this template. Immature projects may only have the capacity to maintain the light version. You should discuss how a project might mature their docs from light to comprehensive versions.

_{TBD: Add further guidance and sample text here.}_

}

{Docset owner tip:

* There are multiple approaches which can be taken to customize this template. These may depend upon:
    * The maturity of your project.
    * The size, interest, and skillsets of your contributor community.
    * The documentation goals you have for the project.
* This section discusses approaches you may take to customize this template to your project.

}

{Template author tip:

* Add content here. …}

}

## Maintenance strategy

> The long term health of a project’s documentation depends upon the project's ability to establish sustainable maintenance processes for each doctype.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The long term health of documentation depends upon the project's ability to establish sustainable maintenance processes for each doctype.
```

* If content on a site is inaccurate or dated, it will reduce the trustworthiness of all the content on the site, as the user typically won’t be able to determine which of the content is trustworthy.
* As such, a project should only create content where there is commitment for continued maintenance of the content.

This section suggests maintenance strategies which can be applied for {doctype} documents.

{Docset owner tip:
*  You should select and set up an appropriate strategy for maintaining {doctype} documents. This strategy should be described in your Documentation Management Plan.

}

_{TBD: We should define a template for a Documentation Management Plan, then reference from here.}_

{Template author tip:

* In this section, you should recommend strategies for maintaining {doctype} documentation. This could include:
* Automated documentation generation from code.
* Automated reports which highlight:
    * When documentation is out of date with software.
    * When documentation hasn’t been reviewed for a while.

> * Integrating documentation checklists into software deployment, build, and test processes.

Reviewer 2: Definitely need to add in here something about deprecation strategies (for pages and books), and also things like how often to perform line-edits vs comprehensive tech/peer reviews vs obsolescence.

Author: @Loquacity , I think these are strategies which are applied at a "Whole Docset" level. As such they would fit within a "Documentation Management Plan" or maybe within the "Information Architecture Guide".
If you think it fits here, feel free to suggest words to add.
I'll close out this comment for the moment (mainly because I can't think of how to address this in this doc at the moment). We can add into a future iteration.

}

## Business case

{Template author tip:

* In this section, discuss strategies to calculate the cost of implementing this doctype. This may just be to reference the Development strategy and Maintenance strategy above.
* Then suggest business goals and reasons why this doctype would help address these goals. Business goals might be:
    * Increased developer efficiency.
    * Faster onboarding for users and/or developers.
    * Reduced support costs.

> * Consider the case where the docs are only partially maintained. Would it be better to have no documentation that partially maintained documentation?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Consider the case where the docs are only partially maintained. Would it be better to have no documentation than partially maintained documentation?
```

maybe instead of 'partially maintained' it could be worded as 'technically incorrect' or 'out of date'? this makes the tradeoff a little more obvious.

Author: Good suggestion, added "incorrect".

}

### When to include {doctype} docs?

{Template author tip:

> * Add a summarised list of reasons for including the doctype, based on the business case above. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add a summarized list of reasons for including the doctype, based on the business case above. 
```

}

Include {doctype} docs if:

* {Reason 1.}
* {Reason 2.}

### When wouldn’t you include {doctype} docs?

{Template author tip:

> * Add a summarised list of reasons for not including the doctype, based on the business case above. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add a summarized list of reasons for not including the doctype, based on the business case above. 
```

}

Don't include {doctype} docs if:

* {Reason 1.}
* {Reason 2.}

## Checklist

{Template author tip:

* Add checklist items which are specific to this doctype.

}

Before finalizing your {doctype} document, ensure you have addressed the following:

* The document has been reviewed:

>     * For clear writing and alignment with the writing style guide, ideally by a technical writer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * For clear writing and alignment with the writing style guide, ideally by a technical writer or editor.
```

>     * For alignment with the {doctype} template, ideally be a technical writer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * For alignment with the {doctype} template, ideally by a technical writer, information architect, or content strategist.
```

>     * For technical accuracy, ideally by a subject matter expert.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * For technical accuracy, ideally by a technical subject matter expert.
```

* {Further checklist items ... .}

## Backing research and further reading

{Template author tip:

> * It isn’t sufficient to simply define best practices for a doctype. You need to provide compelling evidence as to why this is the best approach. This section should summarize competing approaches and explain why we recommend the approach taken.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* It isn’t sufficient to simply define best practices for a doctype. You need to provide compelling evidence as to why this is the best approach. This section should summarize competing approaches and explain why you took the chosen approach.
```

> * It might suggest situations when a docset owner would select a competing approach.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* It might also suggest situations where a docset owner would select a different approach.
```
